fix terms in middleware (#4997)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/middleware/mysql/intro/features.md

    The required resources can be activated in real time according to business needs, and there is no need to purchase high-cost hardware at the initial stage of business, effectively reducing initial asset investment and avoiding waste of idle resources.

- Autoscaling

>     Database resources can be elastically scaled according to business pressure to meet the needs of database performance and storage space in different business stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Database resources can be scaled automatically according to your business pressure to meet the needs of database performance and storage space in different business stages.
```
